[Music]
start turning buttock and put on your
church shoes little sister because we're
about to blast off what is it you're
trying to say we're going to the
Internet
[Music]
stop
is the most beautiful miracle I've ever
seen welcome to the search bar what can
I help you find today
Oh umbrella umbrage Oh mommy no no is
that no doubt no it's from rap
ergonomics Urban Outfitters oh cool I'm
pretty sure he's just trying to guess
what you're gonna say my auto failure to
touch aggressive today let me try
take me to a website that's super
intense and really nuts
oh I'd only found one result come on
characters
[Music]
hi ladies I'm a princess - what kind of
a princess are you huh
do you have magic hair no magic hands
no do animals talk to you know where you
fall is it no cursed no kidnapped or
enslave no are you guys okay Shay call
the police
do people assume all your problems got
solved because a big strong man showed
up rapes the internet shouldn't be Ralph
Rex the Internet yes since he is
wreck-it Ralph uh yeah but break the
internet it's like a thing right it's
just wrecking it kind of sounds better
doesn't it you're not wrong
[Music]